Final Fantasy VIII (PC) Patch v1.2
----------------------------------

Fixes:

1. There was a crash on Disc 2, after the player defeats "Balamb Garden
Master NORG", if they then go to the library and talk to the girl with
pigtails, the game would crash to desktop. --Addressed and Fixed.

2. There were complaints about an error message popping up after the
players installed FF8. On the patch there is a new EAX file.

3. There was a menu bug in which Square QA found while testing the patch.
When the player receives the "Pet Pals Vol. 1", on the train to Timber, at
this point the player has not yet met Rinoa nor her dog Angelo. In the
magazine there is a reference to "Angelo Strike". The bug was due to the
fact that the player had not met Rinoa yet and so instead of the magazine
reading "Angelo Strike" it read "No MEM CA". --Addressed and fixed.

4. There was a crash issue when the player had Direct X 7.0 installed and
tried to play the game with the Yamaha Software Synth. Whenever the player
would finish a battle the game would crash to desktop. --Addressed and Fixed.

*Note* The file needed to correct this issue is available in a separate download.

5. There were multiple complaints about the Nvidia GeForce having texel problems.
--Addressed and Fixed.

*NOTE* GeForce users should make sure the downloaded the correct patch.  It is named "FF8SqeaNVPatch.zip".  Non-GeForce owners should download the patch named "FF8SqeaPatch.zip".

6. The player's cards for the card game, in some instances, would disappear. --Addressed and Fixed on patch v1.2 

7. In some cases after a battle, where all the player's party members are killed, the game will crash at the 'Game Over' screen. --Addressed and Fixed on latest patch v1.2


Patch Installation:
-------------------

The patch is in .zip format*, extract all files directly into the Final Fantasy VIII directory (default: "C:\Program Files\Square Soft, Inc\FINAL FANTASY VIII").  Be sure that ALL files are copied over, otherwise the patch will not work properly.  The files are:

binkw32.dll
EAXUnified.exe
FF8.exe

When asked if you want to overwrite existing files, click on "YES" or "YES TO ALL".  After the old files are overwritten the patch is finished installing.

After extracting all files to the game directory, double-click on the file named "EAXUnified.exe" to install the EAX.dll file to your C:\Windows\System folder.  This will fix the error message regarding the missing EAX.dll file.  This step is not necessary unless you are encountering the "Missing EAX.dll Error".

* In order to extract a .zip file, a zip extraction utility must be used.  There are many such programs available on the Internet to download.








	